## Proto Glod - Development Journal

### Jan 26, 2023 - I'm Excited!

I'm excited about this project on multiple levels. From a narrative perspective I am very excited about exploring the story. The mythological themes, the modern-day setting, the surreal directions it could go, fleshing out the main character's journey, developing the silly/existential tone, and finding entreating ways to deliver the narrative. Which ties in with the technical side, for which I am also very excited. After messing around in Unreal for a while, I am eager to dig deeper into it's inner workings, and to having a solid excuse to intentionally design and build game interactions with it. 

This concept started out pretty off-handedly; I wrote the logline months ago as part of an exercise on writing Research Creation project proposals with a randomly assigned theme. My theme was AI Art generation. I conceived of a project where I made use of as many AI art tools as possible in a 'real' production to determine their strengths and limitations while investigating the ethical implications of such tools, through interviews and case studies. The final product would be a sort of documentary, or video essay report relating my journey and findings, rather than a finished game. But very soon after, I found myself thinking that this story deserved better than that. And that if I made it, I wouldn't want it's development to be limited to, and strictly funneled through the existing AI tools. Which is sort of the conclusion that I expected to reach, or the 'hypothesis' of the original proposal. So there's surely something to learn from the AI tools of the future.

I have so many ideas, and I am also slightly afraid of how exponentially complicated I could make it on myself. The more I sit with this concept the the more I fall in love with it, and the more possibilities I uncover.  I want to get a good handle on the core mechanics, and a good feel for the foundational elements of the narrative systems. But extrapolating and endlessly conceptualizing is gonna be hard to resist.